proposal: updating the pm repo (#105)
flashbots/pm: README.md

# Flashbots

Flashbots is a research and development organization working on mitigating the negative externalities of Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) extraction techniques and avoiding the existential risks MEV could cause to stateful blockchains like Ethereum. Our primary focus is to enable a permissionless, transparent, and fair ecosystem for MEV extraction. This falls under three goals: Bringing Transparency to MEV Activity, Democratizing Access to MEV Revenue and Enabling Fair Redistribution of MEV Revenue.

Our efforts are separated into three sub-organizations:
* **Product**: an engineering effort to build products to fulfill our mission. This includes the [Flashbots Auction](https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-auction/overview) with the Flashbots Relay, the [Flashbots Protect RPC](https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-protect/overview), [MEV-Inspect](https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-data/mev-inspect-py/overview), [MEV-Explore](https://explore.flashbots.net) and [MEV-Boost](https://ethresear.ch/t/mev-boost-merge-ready-flashbots-architecture/11177).

> * **Coordination**: an organizational effort to streamline operational processes, interface with external teams in the ecosystem and scale our efforts to maximize the organization's impact.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Coordination**: an organizational effort to streamline operational processes, interface with external teams in the ecosystem and scale ourselves to maximize the organization's impact.
```
